contact my name is eric locksmith in
I show you how to join this video
the brawn in muslim dinare
free choice of position when taking a gas
can
This is important in the case of
snow as this at labbadia nobis next to
rail works shows me first
have a clock to 10
if we have the 0 to 10 right
1 1 met with a revolution left
Select here we are in the display rose
Length 25 meters and width only rose
we can not stink latitude sting
change but then the new
position changes see you when i am
Here, the breadth of breadth for larger of
Now pay attention to the needle position
the moves to stop when I
step width now set to 55
then i could never walk to the
food position exactly and wittlich if
They take for instance for patchwork
and they have the automatic close
None of this quarter is called for
Take a wide if you are patchwork in the
want to take metric and
not a similar then they ask
is wide at 45 1
then you automatically have all cantons
walk to the close position 0 75
centimeters in general with patchwork
on the rose length from 2 5 to 2
reduced
if you have a machine here the parks 53
then they will notice this
has several graphics with the channel
opposition
There are 1 and 22 22 cities
Must the p stands for patchwork
I had to 22 rooms automatically
the vote already at two kilometers
is provided which is often changed
at patchwork also here i can do the
change stitch width now
on 55 so I in the quarter close to
admit to having recognized foot better
position on accumulator button and
Now this setting is saved
and 22 so if I'm a normal left
opposition need action then
really 1 and can make difficult
I switch 22 a provided it is
saved even if you have the machine
switch off resumes
this saved in the machine
An alternative is the first number
a quarter in jazz rap foot at this
song foot you only have a small one
Opening another bet and you have to
so stitch two middle needle position
4 instantly on a small opening is that
material is pressed very well
against the plate stands and transporter
now is the distance of this
recognized is the name position is still
another alternative is the 57th
is a company spokesman walking with leadership
here
the middle position position here
these levels have a leadership and such
they can be accurately called
fast access to these could